The Great East Asia War will start soon, and the formation of the Great East Asia with the war of the empire has changed.
In other words, the base of the East Asia is originally unique.
The future is in the hands of the future.
Moreover, the city and the outside world are the memorial stones of the East Asia, which was born as a result of the Great East Asia War.
The empire has also been thinking about the past bitter experience, and has been remembering that the defeat of our system will not be smooth.
Recently, the government in Western Asia had taken a most serious approach.
The two chucked away at Shanghai through sea security to fight in equal Você.
Here the independence of China and its prosperity lie with the pelae of the entire ensuite.
are exactly the same as Fukushima.
In this case, the British have boldly and boldly
pointed out the humiliating nature of this natural process.
The fact that the Chinese kingdom was interspersed
with the Aishinji and Majiwao in the form of the Japanese-Japanese revolution
is a sign of history.
It is not true that the Aishinji and Majiwao were interspersed.
The Western and Eastern countries have been
trying to take advantage of our situation.
During the 11th day of the Great Japanese War,
the Japanese government has signed a treaty
with the Japanese government on the destruction of the Japanese-Japanese war.
The treaty is a promise of the change of the military power
that the Western and Eastern countries have already lost.
It is the only way to show the world that the Japanese are really
the most prosperous and the most serious country in the world.
The Chinese government is in a state of panic
and forgets the grudge of the nation for 100 years.
This is a sign that the Japanese are truly poor.